# BeerRun
A game about getting beer

## Concept
Beer Run is an 8 bit side-scroller platform game written in Unity. The goal is to make it to the liqour store to buy beer. Each level involves the player running towards a liqour store while dodging obstacles and avoiding the police and church members. Obstacles can be environmental things like bushes, curbs, open manhole covers, ditches or cars. Each level will be randomly generated and as the level number increases the level will be more difficult, involving more obstacles, more police, and more church members. At the end of each level is a liqour store where the player is rewarded with beer. The player can only go forward (to the right) and never backward. the screen will scroll to keep the player in the middle until he reaches the liquor store where he will enter and get his prize. If the player tries to go backwards (to the left) he will go up to the left edge of the screen, but the screen will not scroll. The player can jump and run. The player accumulates money by jumping on top of police or church people or finding it on the ground. The player earns a bonus score when he makes it to the liquor store and uses the money to buy beer. If the player is capture by police or assaulted by church members, he goes to jail and the game is over. The player is captured if he touches a policeman or church member without jumping on top of him. On rare occasions the player can find and smoke marijuana and become invincible to police and church people. In that case the player can touch the policemen or church members without jumping on them and still safely take their money. If a player is hit by a car or falls in a manhole he goes to the hospital and the game is over. If a player trips on a curb or a bush he is hurt and slowed but the level is not over. The player won't run as fast or jump as high for a period of time. If he trips again while he is slowed he will go to the hospital and the game will be over. The amount of money stolen will always be displayed at the top left and the score will always be displayed on the top right. The amount of beer the player can buy and thus his score increast per level will be determined by how moch money he found in that level. When a player buys beer all his money is turned into points. The points will be the amount of money he found times the level number. The players money will be reset at the begining of each level and will not be converted into a score until he reaches the liquor store. 
